### MPI-Based Chess Distributed Engine
This is a chess engine that utilizes MPI to parallelize the search algorithm. This codebase is designed to work with the GNU C++ compiler and has been tested on Linux systems. The following command can be used to compile the code:

### Usage

```python
g++ parallel_vs_parallel_iterative_deeepening.cpp mpi.o -o q
mpirun -n no_of_processes q.exe no_of_depth
```

- parallel_vs_parallel_iterative_deeepening.cpp is the main code file.
- mpi.o is a helper object file.

no_of_processes is the number of MPI processes to use for parallelization.
no_of_depth is the depth of search to perform.
Requirements
MPI
GNU C++ compiler
Usage
To use the engine, run the following command after compiling:

```python
mpirun -n no_of_processes q.exe no_of_depth
```
- no_of_processes is the number of MPI processes to use for parallelization.
- no_of_depth is the depth of search to perform.

### Code Overview

The code is designed to run with the MPI parallelization framework.
The engine performs a parallel search of the game tree using the Minimax algorithm with alpha-beta pruning.
The game tree is generated by iterating through the legal moves at a given board state.
Each MPI process receives the current board state and its index in the game tree.
Each process performs a search of the game tree for a subset of moves using the Minimax algorithm with alpha-beta pruning.
The best move is then returned to the root process, and the search is continued until a final move is selected.

### Code Structure
- headers/compulsory_headers.h contains the standard headers required for the engine.
- headers/generators.h contains the board state generator functions.
- headers/utils.h contains helper functions to interface with the MPI parallelization framework.